docs-13092-acm-experience-experience-builder-page-not-default-jh (#263)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/diagnostics.adoc

* *Account owner role*
* *Account visibility*

> If a community was created but not published, when diagnostics *Fix All* is run for the member user, the *Default Page* for the *Login and Registration* pages will display and not the *Experience Builder Page*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a community is created but not published, when diagnostics *Fix All* is run for the member user, the *Default Page* for the *Login and Registration* pages displays instead of the *Experience Builder Page*.
```

After the items from *Community profile* through *Account created* are configured

> , fix the diagnostics for the *Account assigned*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the items from *Community profile* through *Account created* are configured, fix the diagnostics for the *Account assigned*:
```

. In the diagnostics page, next to the *Member User* item *Account assigned*, click *Assign*.

> . From the *Administration Community* > *Accounts*, click the search icon, enter the name of the community, and click *GO!*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From *Administration Community* > *Accounts*, click the search icon, enter the name of the community, and click *GO!*.
```

> . From the search results, select the community name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. From the search results, select the community name 
```
+ account (for example: 'CommunityName Account'.)

> . From the search results, select the community name. The account name is the community name + account, for example, MyCommunityName Account.

Reviewer: If the user is selecting the community name, do we really need to define the account name?
Maybe reword this if so, to something like
```suggestion
. From the search results, select the community name from the list of account names, which are displayed in the format MyCommunityName Account.
```

> . The *Login and Registration* page shows the community account in the *Accounts* field.

Reviewer: This is not a step, because there is no user action. It should be a plain paragraph at the same level as the previous step:

. From the search results, select the community name from the list of account names.
+
The *Login and Registration* page shows the community account in the *Accounts* field.

> . From the top, right of the community page, click the refresh icon. The *Experience Builder Page* is set for *Login Page Type*, *Forgot Password*, and *Registration Page Type* fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. From the top, right of the community page, click the refresh icon. The *Experience Builder Page* is set for *Login Page Type* and *Registration Page Type* fields.
```

> . From the top, right of the community page, click the refresh icon. The *Experience Builder Page* is set for *Login Page Type* and *Registration Page Type* fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the top right of the community page, click the refresh icon.
+
The *Experience Builder Page* is set for *Login Page Type* and *Registration Page Type* fields.
```
